The process of finding errors in the program is known as debugging.
python debugger is already installed by default along with the python package to use debugger we need to import the debugger in the program

import pdb

to start debugging the program we need to go to terminal first
 on the terminal we need to navigate to the folder where the program to be debugged is present
now we have to run the debugging program from the terminal
the command for terminal is

python -m pdb Python_File_Name

ex.
python -m pdb debug_1.py

debugging of the program can be done in two ways:
1. without break point
2. with break point

1. Without Break Point:
in this process all the statements in the program are executed one by one
according to the commands provided by the user

when the debugging is initiated with the command provided above
the debugging program has started and the program execution is halted at first
statement of the program
we can go through all the commands one by one
once the program is completed it would be restarted again

important commands:
1. p : print the current value of the variable ex. p x or  p y or p x,y
2. n : go to next command. if the next command is a function call then it would execute the
        function and return to the next command in the main program
3. s : step into i.e. take the next step in the program. if the next command is a function call
        then it would step into the first statement of the function and would wait for the next
        command from the user.
4. c : continue execution
5. h : for help
6. break : to add break point in the program execution ex. break 9
7. where : displays the current position of the curser in the program execution
             i.e. the current statement in execution
8. if enter is pressed without tying any command then the last executed command is executed again
9. q : to quit the debugging mode
10. whatis : to check the datatype of the variable ex. whatis x


2. with break point:
if a break point is added in the program then the program debugger would
either halt at the input statements or on the break points in the program

Breakpoint can be added in 2 ways:
1. within the program before starting debugging.
2. during debugging

1. to add a break point in the program before starting execution
we need to import the pdb module
import pdb
then go to the statement where we want to add the break point and add pdb.set_trace()
just above that statement.

2. to add  break point during debugging we can use break command
ex. break 2
now the program execution would halt at statement no 2
